[CQA] Shorten abstracts in Provisioning Hosts (#4954)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_discovery-in-pxeless-mode.adoc

= Discovery in PXE-less mode

[role="_abstract"]
In environments without DHCP and TFTP, you can use PXE-less Discovery by using a Discovery ISO.

> Discovery nodes scheduled for installation reload the kernel with an operating system installer without rebooting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Discovered hosts queued for installation reload the kernel with an operating system installer without rebooting.
```
